Our visualization shows the differences and similarities between US universities in different 
states based on the 3 variables: SAT score, acceptance rate, and mid-career median salary (this is the 
map and clustering). It also shows the general trends for universities when comparing 2 of the 3 variables(this 
is the regression graphs). In general, it is not surprising to find a negative linear relationship between 
acceptance rate and any of those 2 variables,and  or the positive linear relationship between salary and SAT score, 
since usually the more selective universities yield higher-paid graduates. What is of interest though, is the 
amount of variation in one variable of universities that are close to each other in the other variable. 
One of the most extreme examples of this would be College of the Ozarks, which has acceptance rate of only 
13%(same as Cornell and John Hopkins), but SAT of only 1034 and salary $71,800 (substantially 
less than Cornell's 1470 and $128,200 and John Hopkin's 1510 and $111,700).

In general, we can observe universities like the one above, which is completely out on its own, as well as 
universities that are relatively "more efficient" in their paramaters. For example, Stevens Institute of 
Technology has a 40% acceptance rate, an SAT of 1300, but a median mid-career salary of $120,000, which is 
higher than Cornell's. Obviously Stevens is primarily Engineering-based, and with that profession comes a 
higher lifetime salary, but, if one was trying to get into a university and didn't have the credentials for 
an Ivy League or a similarly-ranked school, Stevens is one of the best with that acceptance rate and SAT. 
This can be discovered by looking at our clustering and regressions, as Stevens is in the categories of Ivy's 
for some clustering runs, and a clear outlier on two regression graphs.

Outlier schools like Harvey Mudd College and Stevens Institute of Technology sometimes overpower
Ivy Leagues and "top schools" in the measured parameters selected. In a sense, said universities
are "more efficient," because they allow for the promise of a high median career salary off of a
lower SAT score and easier admission requirements.

On the opposite end of the spectrum, certain schools appear to be less efficient, requiring a higher SAT score 
or more harsh admission statistics, only to yield a lower median career salary. Schools like Wellesley College 
fit this category (30% acceptance rate, 1410 SAT score, $78,400 mid-career salary).

There exist relatively consistent k-means clustering groupings of universities.

In terms of scaled-% off the regression line, Acceptance Rate (%) vs. SAT Score appeared to have
the "tightest" regression, possibly indicating that many universities from the dataset don't stray
from a linear correlation of SAT to acceptance rate.

